 Catalog Record: Estudio sobre el papel moneda | Hathi Trust Digital Library Catalog Record: Estudio sobre el papel moneda | Hathi Trust Digital Library Navigation Home About Our Partnership Our Digital Library Our Collaborative Programs Our Research Center News &amp; Publications Collections Help Feedback Hi bjensen! My Collections Logout HathiTrust Digital Library Search this index Full-text Catalog Search Search Field List All Fields Title Author Subject ISBN/ISSN Publisher Series Title Search Advanced full-text search Advanced catalog search Search tips Full view only LOG IN Main Content Send record via text message Texting is only available to logged-in users. Please log in . Similar Items El papel moneda, By: Subercaseaux, Guillermo, b. 1872. Published: (1912) Estudios sobre la moneda y los cambios / By: Gil y Pablos, Francisco. Published: (1906) El papel-moneda argentino; monografía histórica, 1810-1900, By: Pillado, Jorge. Published: (1901) Estudios sobre la moneda / By: Justo, Juan Bautista, 1865-1928. Published: (1921) Estudios sobre la moneda / By: Justo, Juan Bautista, 1865-1928. Published: (1912) Moneda falsa, y un estudio sobre el teatro de Sánchez By: Sánchez, Florencio, 1875-1910. Published: (1953) España restaurada por el papel-moneda / By: Campuzano, Joaquín Francisco. Published: (1839) Estudio histórico sobre el origen, By: Rodríguez, José Ignacio, 1831-1907. Published: (1900) El papel moneda argentino en el siglo XX / By: Barragán Guerra, Lorenzo A. Published: (1978) Estudios sobre impuestos, hipotecas y moneda. By: Vallarino, Juan Carlos. Published: (1939) Tools Cite this Export citation file Cite this Text this Email this Email this Export to Refworks Export Record Export Record Export to RefWorks Export to EndNote Export to Zotero Export to RefWorks Export to Endnote Export to Zotero Add to favorites Add to favorites Estudio sobre el papel moneda. Main Author: Olascoaga, Romón de, 1864- Format: Array Language(s): Spanish Published: Asunción : H. Kraus, 1901. Subjects: Currency question. Paper money Physical Description: 63 p. ; 23 cm. Locate a Print Version: Find in a library pdus ) Viewability: Limited (search only) (original from University of Minnesota) University of Michigan Member, HathiTrust Home About Collections Help Feedback Mobile Take-Down Policy Privacy Contact Add to favorites Add to favorites” is Coming Soon! You’ll be able to mark a title as a private favorite and, if you want, add other tags that you can use to sort your favorites later. Get RSS Feed When functioning correctly, we will be able to provide an RSS feed of a search suitable for use in a feed reader such as Bloglines or Google Reader. Login The login function will use library authentication / cosign, but it is not yet implemented In addition to being required to tag a record/search or mark it as a "favorite", logged-in patrons will also be able to: See what they have checked out from Mirlyn and via ILL View their profile information Browse their favorites See a listing of their holds and recalls Initiate "Get This" requests for holds, recalls, library-to-library delivery, etc. Search History We’re still working on Search History. We hope to have it available soon. Once it’s here, it will provide a list of your recent searches and allow you to revisit them within a browser session. Browse the catalog Sequential browsing of the catalog is not currently functional, but you can try another type of browsing by searching for nothing at all (just click the search button with an empty box) and then narrowing the results. We have not yet determined if we'll be able to make browsing available when the initial public Mirlyn2 beta rolls out in January. Hold/Recall an item The ability to hold or recall an item is not yet functional; it will be working by the time we go live. Feedback HathiTrust Catalog Feedback Subject Comment or Question Thank you for taking the time to provide feedback. Reserves Currently, this application doesn't support an integrated reserves system with Aleph. We will likely send users to the reserves system in Mirlyn . New Items It's not clear how to support "New Items" in this software; for the moment, we're just going to send people to the regular Newly Cataloged Items page . Ask a Librarian Any "Ask a Librarian" links will likely be turned into our normal AskUs link, e.g., Ask a Librarian Search Tips Search tips are not functional at this point. It has not yet been determined how searching guidance will be provided. Search Catalog Search Bibliographic search (Title, Author, Subject, ISBN/ISSN, Publisher, Series Title, or Year of Publication) of all HathiTrust items Experimental Search Full-text search of a small subset of HathiTrust items Build &amp; View Custom Collections Go to Public Collections to browse other people's collections. Items from these collections can be copied into your own private collection . Create your own Private Collection by searching or browsing to find items of interest and then adding them to a collection. Full-text searching is available within public or private collections , and within individual items. Close Search Tips Phrase Searching Use quotes to search an exact phrase: e.g. "occult fiction" Wildcards Use * or ? to search for alternate forms of a word. Use * to stand for several characters, and ? for a single character: e.g. optim* will find optimal, optimize or optimum; wom?n will find woman and women. Boolean Searching Use AND and OR between words to combine them with Boolean logic: e.g. (heart OR cardiac) AND surgery will find items about heart surgery or cardiac surgery. Boolean terms must be in uppercase. Close To: From: Message: To: From: Message: 